Tri-Core is a tabletop roleplaying game that focuses on the creation and customization of unique characters, and storylines. Players will utilize the Tri-Core Ability Creation System to mold and craft all of their abilities and features that define their characters. As well as an intuitive resource system that will allow for an Action Economy that rewards both reckless and careful characters alike. The Tri-Core Combat System will enable players to also compete against one another through fair and balanced gameplay while simultaneously adding the much desired, element of surprise.

However, Tri-Core’s greatest feature is the Action Card System, in which Players will transcribe the abilities they create onto blank Action Cards and among those cards are Strike, Volley, Grab, Collide, Block, Dodge, and Parry. In addition players will have access to Utility Cards that provide actions to support their characters and the abilities they have. Each player, during a cycle, will place their set of Cards face down and reveal them on the same cycle. Allowing this gives the players a chance to access and utilize the element of surprise, even versus the GM(Gamemaster).

Players will pay for these Actions Cards with Action Points, Stamina, Focus, Mana and even Health Points (If necessary) to complete their actions and hope for success. Tri-Core can also allow for the transfer of abilities, features and spells from any source material using the Ability Creation System. However, the level in which these abilities may be acquired will not always be in alignment and Tri-Core does not deal in Absolutes. With that said, let it be known that in Tri-Core, everything has an equal chance to fail just as much as it can succeed. So thank you for choosing to play Tri-Core, and once more…

Thank you for choosing to play Tri-Core!
